Prettier formatter (#2018)
microsoft/torchgeo: .github/SECURITY.md

Microsoft takes the security of our software products and services seriously, which includes all source code repositories managed through our GitHub organizations, which include [Microsoft](https://github.com/Microsoft), [Azure](https://github.com/Azure), [DotNet](https://github.com/dotnet), [AspNet](https://github.com/aspnet), [Xamarin](https://github.com/xamarin), and [our GitHub organizations](https://opensource.microsoft.com/).

> If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in any Microsoft-owned repository that meets [Microsoft's definition of a security vulnerability](<https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/tn-archive/cc751383(v=technet.10)>), please report it to us as described below.

Author: Me neither, especially that it's done only on one link.

> If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in any Microsoft-owned repository that meets [Microsoft's definition of a security vulnerability](<https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/tn-archive/cc751383(v=technet.10)>), please report it to us as described below.

Reviewer: I'm guessing it's because the link contains parentheses, but I don't know where to find evidence of this.

> If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in any Microsoft-owned repository that meets [Microsoft's definition of a security vulnerability](<https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/tn-archive/cc751383(v=technet.10)>), please report it to us as described below.

Reviewer: Only documentation I found on this is https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#link-best-practices. Can you try %28 and %29 instead of ( and )? Then the angle brackets shouldn't be required.

> If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in any Microsoft-owned repository that meets [Microsoft's definition of a security vulnerability](<https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/tn-archive/cc751383(v=technet.10)>), please report it to us as described below.

Reviewer: Other suggestions and an overview of the problem can be found here: https://meta.stackexchange.com/questions/13501/links-to-urls-containing-parentheses

> If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in any Microsoft-owned repository that meets [Microsoft's definition of a security vulnerability](<https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/tn-archive/cc751383(v=technet.10)>), please report it to us as described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in any Microsoft-owned repository that meets [Microsoft's definition of a security vulnerability](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/tn-archive/cc751383%28v=technet.10%29), please report it to us as described below.
```

> If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in any Microsoft-owned repository that meets [Microsoft's definition of a security vulnerability](<https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/tn-archive/cc751383(v=technet.10)>), please report it to us as described below.

Author: This solution have worked.
